[Music]
The train has arrived I've asked for it
publicly and I want it eh I want a
catchy song Like the one with the finger Hey, a
cleavage is not a ban, not on Twitch, no,
Ari's cleavage Gameplay could be a ban
on Twitch, it wouldn't make sense, no let's see, I'm
going to, I'm going to paint, requetrate the cleavage a little There I'm going to paint you requetrate the cleavage a little
just in case okay
listen to me family, I've prepared
a compilation here if I leave something out
let me know immediately but I've
prepared a compilation here of El
chocas from his multiple accounts throwing
garbage at other fellow
streamers This one seems regrettable to me
good boobs Chiqui it's a great cleavage on
Ari Gameplay okay I've cut it so he does
n't have a problem just in case
good boobs Chiqui how disrespectful
man I don't see the need for you to come
tell me good boobs It makes me uncomfortable at
some point Yeah because it's someone I
know in person go out to whom I
have a lot of respect and and it's curious I mean to
know that someone that I might
see again at some point in
my life  that it will surely be like this because of
events and everything and to think like
Well I don't know how to greet you because in
reality what you think in the deepest part
of your head is good girls
from this multi account to the million in
September 2021 recommend me a
new Netflix series that is worth it
please and answer sex education you will
like it even if you don't know much about the subject
but choca my son if you like it more if you
kill yourself jerking off I have very few
sexual relationships For example, I do
have few and I have changed it a lot
Even sexual ones
because you don't have time it's not that I don't
have time I don't have time or desire
chocas is the top one in subs and top 1
in views this year he is literally the
top 1 streamer right now and he says that
auron is better because he is first Less
now with more biewer being a very
famous youtuber who has more merit chocas or
Auro
I watch a lot, a lot, a lot of
content and I have always liked it is that
you are one of the few people who when you
uploaded a video at a good pace, like you
uploaded a video, well every four, five or
six days that I make a video every week
I was the only content I ever watched
number one on Twitch is me and we are
shibai That's how it is and if you became
number one it was thanks or a project of mine
called squid games That's how it is number
one on Twitch is me and we are eBay That's how it is you
were for a time because of
a boom you had I've also been in
fashion for times then you go down then you go up then you go down then you go up it's like that
Twitch sometimes like that Bye Sometimes it's me then
suddenly a chocas may appear
then it's me again then it's
eBay again then maybe
Rubius has a spectacular month and
he is but what does it matter what does it matter who is
number one who is number two or
who is number 3 well choca has more
merit of course in fact
Look auron and I were going last night they were on the
Chocas String watching the
mental gymnastics that was invented to
justify it from the multi-account eh
auronplay auronplay loves it the pulse
the bastard comes out eh here flirting with
cristinini from the multi-account well
this multi-account I don't know  if it is
confirmed eh I think she does it to
give interactions to the account and
also to get noticed well
aparterini is pretty I think she is very
pretty choca choca choca shaking the light
bulbs choca all day eh And well
with Ari she has something incredible I mean I
think Ari just likes her eh
Hahaha pretty pretty Macarena olona man it
seems to me that there must be things that we
still don't know eh Because a
Random account like [ __ ] the first follower she
has is podemos and verified watch out everyone
and the first follower she has
is the official account of podemos Ah
official follower that she has is the
official account of podemos and she starts here to
flirt that will surely be
breaking her motorcycle to Macarena of lona
who is from vox pretty Juan be
careful you get up the relative
friend I just really really wanted to
play Minecraft with many Mods
long series and says the definition of your life
son chocas and the definition of your life
What is chocas exploded in egolan And this
is not a game Mariana exploded on
Twitch YouTube Instagram Twitter and  much
more Yes, let's go that Chose has 25,000
Subs that he will never reach in Mariana in
his life, that does not count and that is the most
important thing, right? Haha What
envious crybabies today instead of accepting the
defeat you cry like a [ __ ]
that I have almost made a person whom I
admire a lot and it's not for sucking penis, I mean, I
could but no. I mean, he really is
a person that I grew up on Twitch
watching his videos
you are beautiful, pretty guy Ali Gameplay
directly he likes it, incredible no I mean
Ari Gameplay directly It's that he
likes it, he has a nice fantasy with Ari
Gameplay no, Auron and Ibai are quite a bit
more famous and well-known, they are
responding to one who says I don't understand
why this guy is famous, I think
the only explanation is that he got together with
Auron and wow, sometime and he says he would
ask them with him XD And what the [ __ ] does this guy
think, what the [ __ ]? This
tweet is a family meme or is this one real?
This one here calls him
Asturian dolphin, Chose that about Katy bps
sounds like a scam, cousin. Oh [ __ ]  it's a meme a
montage like the Paco San thing when he
told him what he would think about being on
his streamer team chocas obviously he got
excited it was very noticeable and then he
went there he told him to forget about that to
pretend he didn't see it he showed him the
candy when he saw it he got excited he took it from him that
was ugly that's a lie chocas
actually rejected him and said he wanted to be
alone You're a [ __ ] liar look at
all the [ __ ] So he threw
chocas there go Auro from the hands he has
made a character that character I mean
character in the secondary account After
all, he is creating another
personality he has gotten into a spiral
of [ __ ] he needs he needs help
man he is an [ __ ] he is Mazo he is a very good
streamer and he has a super loyal audience he
deserves it he deserves to be the strongest
along with ibai they both deserve to be
stronger What a fake guy eh how fake and
also Look that's how I am like that well okay
after the squid man
[Music]
how beautiful it was audio man what a fake
guy Look for example also with reborn
no also  go into that account with
rigor I don't know if we've read yours there's
a tweet that messes with the account of
messes with River fans as if to say
that River fans are very stupid it
says on top of that fan derribor You have to be
stupid or something like that and watch the rival as he
talks about him live man I knew him
[ __ ] great man very down to earth me
talking to him for a while father with my
feet on the ground
And what false things no Hey will this be
affecting this at a numerical level well I
imagine that when I did these
ugly things about money and about people and
so on people will be in session no at the
moment on YouTube he is not losing
anything and on Twitch I don't know if it will be called the
same no I mean no no me really and I don't
wish anything bad on anyone of course
no this is the peak of the squid game
no How many followers did he gain more than a
million with the squid game of
course I don't wish anything bad on anyone
but it's so you can see the hypocrisy
so you can see the hypocrisy of the people
in the society in which we live and  on the
internet Oh look for Choca's speech
about Mariana in Elda okay guys there's
a lot of work behind all of these
events like this like the ones my
colleagues do and behind the streams
too guys sometimes it's really hard
to stay mentally well a lot of
work a lot of guindeo and I want to
dedicate this award to Mariana too
because he's a guy who
is Latino and has voted a lot of Spanish but he
's a guy who has also been a
real revelation of the last year and
not to Juan because Juan is not a revelation
against Juan has been for many years
it's super fake
#beira was right man there's a little
bit of what I've always told you there's a
lot of fakery within these groups these
people let's see
auron's response to Choca Taurus just
answered him Choca start Choca
number one number one is between me eBay
if we start talking about numbers we
start talking for real number one
on Twitch is me and we are eBay That's how it is
if you arrived toilet number 1 was
Thanks a project of mine called you
should make a compilation of the
clips where X cocas speaks well he's
number one man if he  I have to
eat I have to eat it I never
answer people on Twitter I get
insulted on Twitter practically every
day How many times have you seen me
answer How many times have you seen a
tweet of mine saying Well a guy Look
suck my [ __ ] [ __ ] I am what you will
never be Practically anyone could answer it
but I don't
answer it because I'm above it I wear
braces and I've been doing it since I
was nobody because my mind is
above it is way above what
a guy can say to me on the internet
or what an acquaintance can criticize
me in a social group or what I don't care about
[Music]